When did you get here?
You heard it all
I just arrived and didn't hear much.
This is the plan for the beach
I'll leave you alone.
Now that you've heard
Then you also know that I have nothing to do with him, right?
I'm not interested in your business
The child is not mine
If you don't believe me, you can take a paternity test.
Never touched him
Your business has nothing to do with me
It doesn't matter who am I doing this for?
Lin Xinnuo, what do you want from me?
You are doing these things to clear your name
Is there still a moral kidnapping on me?
Make me grateful to you
Lu Zesheng, don't be too childish
Then I'll change these habits and pursue your words again
Will you forgive me?